Draft

Breach
Concept
​
My idea is a deckbuilder game based on drag and drop coding languages like scratch.
There is a central server with a finite amount of points that the players are trying to steal,
and a security level (that will be important later)
Each player will also have a server with a limited amount of memory (which will function
like mana or energy in other card games) as well as points and security level (like the
central server)
Players will use cards to build programs that target either the central server or another
player’s server, with the goal of having the most points by the end of the game.
Function cards have a point value, and cost memory to use; they’ll do things to the target
server for example: raising/lowering the security level, stealing a certain % of the
server’s points, increasing how many points are on the server, etc.
Certain function cards will require the player to roll a d20 against the server’s security
level, if they roll under they lose all points gained that turn and end execution of their
program.
Along with these, players will be able to use as many of the following cards as they wish:
Comparators: =, <, >, !=
Conditionals: if/else
Loops: for loops/while loops
Once the central server’s points have been depleted to 0 complete the round, and then
end the game. The player with the most points wins.

Start of the game
Give each player 1 of each of the starter function cards:
​

Weaken: permanently reduce security level

​

Steal: take a % of the points
Increase: Increase the number of points by a %​

Along with a sheet of paper to keep track of their point total and server stats

Turns
On a turn a player will, in order:
1)​ Run their program
2)​ Draw 5 cards from a shared deck: they can then choose to trade some
points to buy their pick of the cards drawn.
Be able to trade their points to upgrade their server (either increasing the
security or the amount of memory they have available)
Be able to offer deals to other players
3)​ Make changes to their program (including the server they’ll target on their
next turn)

Criteria Checklist

​
A large banner image showing the game board
The game's title

✅

✅

A short and succinct core statement (one sentence) (Rayan)
"In Breach, players compete to write the most efficient code and drain the central
server's points before their rivals can steal them."
A board game trailer (search for examples on YouTube to emulate), under 3 minutes long.
The video can be as simple as a TikTok style video, and doesn't need to be highly
produced. Do the best you can with your team's video production skills.

A short paragraph contextualizing the game in terms of similar
games you drew inspiration from. (Den) (Rayan)​

Breach draws inspiration from multiple sources that explore systems, technology, and
societal power structures. The cyberpunkian genre emphasizes themes of corporate
control, digital infrastructure, and underground resistance, which inform the game’s
hacker fantasy and competitive network warfare. The programming game Bitburner
influenced the use of code-like logic structures, encouraging players to think
algorithmically through conditional statements and loops. The song “Mars for the Rich”
by King Gizzard & the Lizard Wizard, alongside broader climate-crisis discourse, inspired
the theme of resource inequality and exploitation, reflected in players competing over
limited data resources controlled by a central system. Together, these influences shape
Breach into a strategic hacking game that blends coding logic, cyberpunk aesthetics,
and commentary on resource control and power. Additionally, The open source spirit of
collaborative coding communities, where programmers share snippets and build upon
each other's work, inspired the shared deck and the ability for players to adapt their
programs round to round, reflecting how real code is never finished but only repeated.
Moreover, the gamification of attention and data extraction in real world social media
platforms served as a darker inspiration, subtly asking players to consider, who really
owns the data we create, and what happens when we try to take it back?

A statement of your three game pillars (for example: What, How,
Why), one sentence per pillar. (Den)
What: Compete to become the top hacker by stealing data points from the Central
Server and rival servers.
Players operate personal servers, attack others, and defend their own systems while the
Central Server’s resources are drained over time.
​
How: Players build and execute hacking programs using code-inspired cards while
managing memory, security risks, and server defenses.
Players:
●​ construct attack programs using Function, If/Else, and Loop cards​
●​ target the Central Server or other players​
●​ manage RAM (memory) to run programs​
●​ weaken defenses and breach firewalls​
●​ upgrade their server protection and capacity​
●​ respond to security checks, failures, and warden suspicion
Why: ​
To out-hack opponents and prove mastery by accumulating the most data points before
the Central Server is depleted.
Players are motivated by:
●​ competitive dominance​
●​ risk-reward hacking decisions​
●​ defending personal assets while exploiting others​

●​ strategic negotiation and deception​

Thematic backstory (characters, storyworld, premise of the action etc.).​
Check story and world building tab

✅

A visual gallery of all the game components other than the main playing board (e.g.
cards, dice, pieces representing players, etc.). It is ok to use generative AI platforms to
produce visual elements for your board game.

✅

The Rule Book (if you are submitting a world-facing website, this can be a link to a
separate downloadable PDF from the web page). (Rayan & Denis)
Group meeting log: this should show minutes and summaries of each group meeting (if
you are submitting a world-facing website, this can be a link to a separate downloadable
PDF from the web page). The first page of each meeting's minutes is sufficient for this
document.

✅

Playtesting log: this should show what you learned during playtesting and how you
revised the game based on insights gleaned (if you are submitting a world-facing
website, this can be a link to a separate downloadable PDF from the web page).

✅

Flowcharts (please look ahead to the Flowchart lecture in Week 11 for an understanding
of how these are made) showing the games primary mechanics outlined as a logical
structure tree (if you are submitting a world-facing website, this can be a link to a
separate downloadable PDF from the web page).
A quantitative analysis of game balance, showing how probabilities and other design
factors were used to achieve a balanced outcome (if you are submitting a world-facing
website, this can be a link to a separate downloadable PDF from the web page). For
example, in play testing the game, you may have made discoveries about probabilities
that had to be adjusted to make for more fair or interesting gameplay, so you can discuss
intentional changes made to the quantitative aspects of the game. You can also discuss
other quantitative items, such as how long a full game play takes (e.g. start to win),
average time taken per turn, ranges of scores (high-to-low), probabilities for certain
cards to be drawn compared to die rolls, etc. Every game will be a bit different, so the
goal here is to present a quantitative profile of your game, and how you used quantitative
information in your design process to make a better game.

✅

Quantitative Balance Profile (Rayan)
Game balance was adjusted mainly through the d20 security check: to succeed, you roll
equal to or higher than the target’s Security. A simple way to estimate success is: count how
many die results work and divide by 20. For example, against Security 10, rolls 10–20
succeed (11 results), so that’s 11/20 = 55%. Against the CRS at Security 12, rolls 12–20
succeed (9 results), so 9/20 = 45%. This 10% gap intentionally makes the CRS slightly
harder to exploit than other players early on, while still being a reliable shared target. We
also balanced “big turns” with the natural 1 / natural 20 rule: a 1 ends the program (so longer
programs are riskier), while a 20 makes the rest of the turn succeed, which adds exciting,
rare momentum swings without making them common.
We used Memory as the main limiter on combo strength, because function cards cost
memory each time they activate (and loops repeat those costs). Players start at 5 Memory,
so strong early turns are possible but capped. A simple example is the common setup-payoff
line: Super Weaken (3GB) then Steal (2GB) totals 3 + 2 = 5GB, meaning it fits exactly but
leaves no room for extra function spam. That’s deliberate: you can pull off a meaningful
attack, but if you try to loop it, memory adds up quickly and your program can terminate for
exceeding memory. This made playtests feel fair because players could plan combos, but
the game naturally prevents one player from executing unlimited “engine” turns without
investing in memory upgrades.
We used percent based point effects (like Steal = 10% of the target’s points) instead of flat
steals because percentages scale automatically across the whole game. A flat “steal 10” is
extremely strong when someone only has 20-30 points, but becomes minor when servers
and the CRS reach 100+; with percentages, the payout scales naturally (10% of 30 = 3, 10%
of 120 = 12). This also creates a soft catch up mechanic: the most profitable targets tend to
be the players who are ahead or the CRS, which grows as everyone spends points in the
shop, so players who are behind can make smarter target choices to close the gap. At the
same time, it discourages “kicking someone while they are down,” because stealing from a
low point player gives a small return compared to hitting a rich target. Overall, percent based
modifiers force deeper thinking about timing, target selection, and risk, you are not just
maximizing your own points, you are watching who is accumulating points, who is close to a
ticket, and when it is worth taking a bigger swing.
Finally, we balanced pacing and comeback potential through the point economy. Ticket
prices increase (30, then 60, then 90), which prevents every player from racing the same
cheap escape and forces interaction as the game progresses. We also made it so points
spent in the shop are added to the CRS, which keeps the CRS relevant and helps prevent
runaway leaders: if the table collectively spends 50 points on cards/upgrades, the CRS gains
+50 points. Since Steal takes 10% on a success, a successful Steal from a 150-point CRS
would be 15 points (10% of 150), compared to 10 points when it’s at 100, so shopping
naturally increases the value of attacking the CRS later. Together with the 24-round limit,
these numbers create a consistent arc: early turns are constrained by memory and moderate
success rates, midgame spending grows the CRS as a catch-up target, and escalating ticket
costs push the endgame toward high-stakes decisions rather than a quick, solved strategy.

A description of the main game Dynamics (i.e. successful strategies that emerged).

✅

Main Game Strategies (Rayan)
Several compelling strategies naturally emerge from Breach’s core mechanics,
encouraging different play styles and adaptability:
The Infiltrator: focuses on weakening a target’s security over several turns using low cost
Weaken functions, often combined with loops or conditionals. Once security is low, they
launch a safe, high percentage Steal with very little risk of failure.
The Gambler: builds powerful, memory heavy programs designed to steal huge chunks of
points in one turn. This approach can lead to massive gains, but if their d20 roll fails
against a server’s security, they lose all points earned that turn.
The Fortress: avoids aggressive plays early and instead spends points to boost their own
server’s security and memory capacity. By becoming a hard target, they survive attacks
while others fight, then strike when opponents are weak or out of resources.
The Puppet Master: uses conditions and loops to create flexible, reactive programs that
adapt to changing conditions. They also form temporary alliances and make deals to
manipulate the game state in their favor, often staying under the radar while pulling the
strings.
The Hacker: wins through efficiency, building compact, smart programs that use minimal
memory to achieve maximum effect. Their strength lies in doing more with less, letting
them run stronger or longer code than opponents using the same cards.
A description of trade-offs and dilemmas that emerge in gameplay.

✅

B. Key Trade-Offs and Dilemmas (Rayan)
Risk vs. Reward is central to every attack. Players must decide whether to target high
security servers for bigger gains or play it safe on weaker ones, even if the payoff is
smaller. One failed roll can erase a whole turn’s progress, making timing and planning
critical.
Invest Now vs. Grow Later? Every point spent on cards or attacks is a point not used to
upgrade your server. Stronger security protects you from theft, and more memory lets
you run better programs, but saving too long can let others take the lead.

Who Should I Attack? Going after the central server helps end the game and avoids
revenge, but gives fewer points. Targeting another player can boost your score fast, but
makes you a target and can spark a back-and-forth war.
Simple vs. Complex Programs creates a constant design challenge. Adding loops and
conditionals makes your code more powerful, but long programs are harder to manage
and more likely to fail mid-execution. Simpler programs are reliable, but less efficient over
time.
Trust or Betray? Players can make deals, like teaming up to weaken a server or agreeing
not to attack each other. But since deals aren’t enforced, there’s always tension: do you
keep your promise, or break it to secure victory? This adds bluffing, strategy, and drama.
When Do I Commit to Escaping? Since the game always ends at 24 rounds, players must
choose when to buy a ticket (early safety vs. later efficiency) while still maximizing final
points. Buying early reduces the risk of missing the ship, but it can slow your ability and
reduces your chance to buy cards/upgrades. Waiting longer may produce a bigger
score, but increases the chance you get disrupted and run out of time.
A description of how long a typical play session lasts.

✅

Length of a Typical Play Session (Rayan)
In our first playtest with three players, the game lasted about 30 minutes. Because
players targeted the central server often, its points were drained fairly quickly, which
ended the game sooner than expected. In future sessions, we expect the game to last
30–60 minutes, depending on play style. If players focus more on attacking each other
and upgrading their servers, the game will likely take longer. Increasing the starting
points of the central server could also extend the average playtime if needed.

The last part of the submission needs to detail exactly what each team member
contributed to the project, beyond general ideas or conversation. A record needs to be
produced of exactly which game deliverables were worked on by who and by
approximately what percentage, in case a dispute arises as to the fair assignment of the
grade to each team member (if you are submitting a world-facing website, this can be a
link to a separate downloadable PDF from the web page).
there should be a randomness component

✅

there should be a strategy and skill component

✅

there needs to be some kind of background narrative premise/storyworld aspect

✅

Your goal is a preproduction prototype, which means that it doesn't have to be quite
ready to be shipped as a final product, but should be more or less 'good to go' for either
of the following scenarios:
• a print-to-play game​
• a prototype from which a real board game can be produced​
• a prototype for a digital board game.

Formalized Gameplay Loop

Cards & Servers

Server Base Values
Central Server:​
Resources (points): 100​
Security Level: 12
Time: 24hr //when the central server time hits 0, the ship leaves and the game ends.
Memory: N/A
​
Player Starting Server:
Resources (points): 10​
Security Level: 10
Memory: 5gb​

Cards
Steal: (2gb) Roll against the target’s security level, on success steal 10% of their resources
(minimum 1).
Increase: (2gb) Increase resources on a target server by 10% (cannot apply to own server)
Weaken: (2gb) Roll against the target’s security level, on success lower target security level
by 1
​
Comparator: (No cost)
If/else: (1gb)
Loop: (2gb), function costs add up during loop. ie: for(i = 0, i<3){steal()} //costs 8gb
Other ideas:
Mass Steal: steal a smaller % from all servers
Blatant Steal: steal more resources then increase target server security
On a failed security check:
Lose all resources gained this turn
Program immediately halts

Story & Worldbuilding

The World of Breach
(Aleeza)
Though Breach takes place on Earth, its current state is far removed from the reality we
currently experience. Set in the far off future of the year 4027, the planet is an amalgamation
of human flaws that has reached its true extremes. Greed and capitalism, manifested in the
far too crowded cities that sprawl across what were once sovereign nations, with tall,
clustered buildings that make walking feel claustrophobic. The continued effects of
exploitation linger in the toxic, suffocating air that hangs over the planet like a haunting
ghost. Disregard for life is seen by the lack of natural plants as expansion became rampant
and snatching resources to keep them to oneself became the norm. The Earth is barely a
planet now. A dead home for those unfortunate enough to have to remain. It is only a matter
of time before they, too, become corpses.
The Earth’s richest and wealthiest have long left, taking their rocketships to their new home:
Mars. Anyone unable to pay the required fees for these trips were forced to remain on Earth,
scrambling to make a living for themselves in a society still determined to churn out profit
despite crumbling at the seams.
All of the players are part of the billions of unlucky souls who are trying to make a decent life
down on Earth. For a while, it was acceptable. Not pleasant, not at all – there was little
comfort in this contorted landscape of theirs. They were programmers, working for The
Company ™, a corporate monopoly which had sunk their teeth into just about every aspect
of life. From organizing the trips to Mars, to owning the land they live on, to providing the
food they eat, to the media they consume, it was all property of The Company ™. Their pay
was sufficient, but certainly nothing to gloat about.
That was, of course, until that faithful day arrived. In another round of mass layoffs, the
players find themselves robbed of a stable income. With The Company’s ™ hold on
everything, they had no place to turn to. Money ruled this world, and without that, their lives
were destined to crumble and decay like all the others before them.
Then, came both a blessing and a curse. Their salvation, wrapped in thorns; another one
way trip to Mars had been announced. This, however, was different than before.
This was the final trip.
Anyone unable to pay the exorbitantly large entry fee would be doomed to remain in this
disintegrating society, thrown away and discarded to die a slow, pitiful death. Of course, their
singular spark of hope came with a price. Quite literally, this time.
Tickets are disappearing by the day, and prices are only climbing higher.
Our protagonists are getting desperate. Time is running out, slipping away through their
fingers. How could they get the money in such a short period of time?
The answer comes to them suddenly. They had one skill which they’d honed for all these
years now. Working for The Company ™, they knew all the ins and outs of how they kept

their money secure. Hacking into the main server to obtain their funds to leave this life
behind was the only way forward, now.
The last trip. The last ticket.
It is every man for themselves. For their own sake, they need to breach the central server
and obtain money required to finally get out. In 24 hours, the trip shall make its final
departure.
May the best programmer win.

Inspirations

Inspirations:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Climate_change
https://genius.com/King-gizzard-and-the-lizard-wizard-mars-for-the-rich-lyrics
https://danielyxie.github.io/bitburner/
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyberpunk_(role-playing_game)

Rulebook

RULEBOOK
Introduction (Rayan)
Welcome to Breach, a card game where you play as a hacker.
Your goal is to steal the most data points.
You will build attack programs using simple code blocks like Function Cards, If/Else
statements, and Loops.
Steal from the Central Server and from other players' servers, while protecting your
own data with firewalls and upgrades.
Manage your Memory to run powerful attacks, but watch out for security rolls that
can shut your program down.
The game ends when the Central Server runs out of Points. The best hacker, the
one with the most Points wins.

Setup: (Rayan & Dennis)
Follow these steps to prepare the game:
1. Prepare the Central Server
Place the Central Server board in the middle of the table {If we decided to go
with a board}.
Set total cash to {Default: 100,000,000}.
Set default Firewall Defenses to {24 Integrity}. (will decrease by one every
turn passively. Players may impact this amount based on cards they play)
2. Prepare Each Player
Each player takes a Player Server Mat {Max player count: 4}.
On start, each player mat has:
Their Server Dashboard:
Memory: {Default starting amount: 5 GB}

Firewall: {1 Integrity}
Cash: {Default starting amount: $5000}
Each player receives the {Insert a number} starter Function Cards:
●​ Weaken
●​ Steal
●​ Increase
3. Prepare the Shared Deck
Shuffle the main deck of Function and Logic Cards.
Place it face down as the draw pile.
4. Determine First Player
​
Randomly
Or by drawing straws/cards,

Gameplay: (Rayan & Dennis)
Turn Structure
Play starts clockwise. On your turn, complete these 5 steps in order:

1. Run Program Phase
●​ Choose one target: Central Server or another player's server.
●​ Play cards from your hand.

1.1 Successful Program

-​ If the program is successful at its task, benefits associated will be granted
immediately and can be used during the upgrade and draw phase.

1.2 Failed Program
-​ If the program fails, all consequences will be assigned immediately and will be
applied during the draw and buy phase.
-​ If the player fails to steal from the central server 5 times (warden suspicion),
they must then choose a player to act as a warden. The warden will then roll
2 dice, and is not allowed to use any modifiers to add points to the total score.
The player must score higher than the warden to evade arrest, the player
may use cash to increase their score.
-​ Each dice point will cost $5000.
-​ If the player fails to score higher than the warden, they are then arrested for 1
turn. They will not be allowed to participate in their draw, buy, and upgrade
phase. They may still negotiate with other players if they, but their turn is
fundamentally skipped.
-​ The warden suspicion score will only reset when the player is arrested.

2. Draw & Buy Phase
●​ Draw 5 cards from the shared deck.
●​ You may spend your cash to buy any of these cards. Each card has a printed
cash cost.
●​ Place purchased cards into your personal discard pile.
●​ Return unbought cards to the bottom of the deck.
●​ Your ram amount will reset, unless a card effect is in play.

You may also buy ram but at an inflated rate (cost increases every turn)
If the Ramflation card is in play, the cost of ram is increased by 200%

3. Upgrade Phase
●​ You may spend Points to improve your home server:

○​ +{Insert a number} Max Ram upgrade: Costs ($5000 for each GB
RAM)
○​ +{insert a number} Firewall Integrity Costs $(starts at $5000, increases
by $2500 every upgrade, if you lose an integrity from sabotage, the
cost will not decrease.
4. Negotiation Phase
●​ You may negotiate during any phase to make more informed decisions
●​ You may talk to other players and make deals (trading cash, future help).
●​ All deals are non-binding unless enforced by card effects or game rules

Note: If a player is found to be cheating, you may kick them out of the game or come
up with an elaborate action they must perform to be allowed to continue. Or they are
sent to jail

Scoring (Rayan)
Players gain points by successfully executing function cards that steal or generate points
from the central server or other players’ servers. Any points gained during program
execution are immediately added to the player’s total score.
When a function requires a d20 roll, the player must roll equal to or higher than the target
server’s security level for the function to succeed. Meeting the security level counts as a
success. If a function fails, the effect does not occur and the target server’s security level
increases by 1.
Rolling a natural 20 is a Critical Success. All rolls made by that player for the remainder of
the turn automatically succeed. Rolling a natural 1 is a Critical Failure. All rolls made by that
player for the remainder of the turn automatically fail.
All percentage-based effects round up by default.
The game ends when the central server’s points are reduced to 0. After finishing the current
round so that all players have had an equal number of turns, the player with the highest total
points wins.

Advanced Rules - Optional Rules (Rayan)
Critical Success and Failure Variant

Groups may choose to remove the critical success (natural 20) and critical failure (natural 1)
rule for a more strategy-focused experience with less randomness.
Central Server Length Adjustment
To adjust game length, players may increase or decrease the starting points of the central
server. Higher starting points result in longer games, while lower starting points create faster
games.
One-Time Use Limit
Groups may limit the number of one-time-use function cards included in the deck to reduce
swing-heavy turns and create a more controlled experience.

Card Glossary & Details
Steal Card (Rayan & Dennis)​
Cost: {Insert a number} GB​
Type: Function (Attack)
Breaching Power: 1
-​ Breaching power the likelihood for a steal to be successful, based on the
integrity of the server they are attacking.
-​ A breaching power higher than an integrity count will result in a 100% success
rate at a steal being successful.
-​ A breaching power lower than an integrity count will result in a 10% reduction
in success based on the difference.
-​ Example: If a server's integrity is 10, and breaching power is 1, the
difference is 9 therefore they have a 10% chance of success, or a 90%
chance of failure.
Effect:
1.​ Choose a target server, either the central server or other players.
2.​ Test Security: Check if the target's Security Level is low enough for this attack
to work.
3.​ If the attack works: Take 10% of the target's Cash (minimum 1). Add them to
your total.
4.​ If the attack against player fails: Gain nothing, and stop your program for this
turn

5.​ If stealing from the central server fails: Gain nothing, increase warden
suspicion by 1, stop program for this turn.

Flat Increase Card
Cost: 2 GB
Type: Function (Utility)
Effect: Choose a target server (your own, another player’s, or the central server).
Add a fixed +5 Cash to the target server.
This card does not require a security test. All values round up if modified by other
effects.
Strengthen Card
Cost: 3 GB
Type: Function (Defense)
Effect: Choose a target server.
Increase that server’s Security Level by +2.
This card may be used on your own server or another player’s server. Strengthen
does not require a security test.
Overclock Card
Cost: 4 GB
Type: Function (Utility)
Effect: Increase your available Memory by +3 GB for this turn only.
This additional memory may only be used during the current program execution. At
the end of the turn, memory returns to its normal maximum value.
Disable System Card
Cost: 5 GB

Type: Function (Attack – One-Time Use)
Effect: Choose a target server. That server cannot run Function (Attack) cards on its
next turn. After resolving its effect, remove this card from the game.
IF ELSE Card (Dennis)
-​
-​
-​

This card can be used to execute any card type based on the given conditions.
Once the conditions of the card block are met, the cards assigned will be executed.
Each If Else card block can handle two cards, one in the If brackets and one in the
else brackets.

Example
Run If card block (Cost : 1 gb per run)
If(server_firewall_defense < 100.0){
basic_steal_Card()//Probability of Success: 67%}
else{basic_weaken_server_Card()//Probability of Success: 100% }
-​

The cost of the if block will increase based on the cards used!

Along with these, players will be able to use as many of the following cards as
they wish:
Comparators: =, <, >, !=
Conditionals: if/else
Loops: for loops/while loops
Weaken card (Dennis)
Cost: 1 GB​
Type: Function (Attack)
Strength against main server: -1 integrity(upgradable)
Strength against player servers: -0.5 integrity(upgradable)
This card will weaken the integrity of the server or the enemy player.​

FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions) (Rayan)

1. What is the difference between Cash and Points?
In Breach, Cash and Points are the same resource. When you steal or generate
Cash, it is immediately added to your total score. The player with the most Cash
(Points) at the end of the game wins.
2. What happens if I run out of Memory (RAM) while executing my program?
You may not exceed your available Memory during the Run Program Phase. If you
cannot afford the Memory cost of the next card in your sequence, that card cannot
be executed. Memory resets to your maximum at the end of your turn unless
modified by a card effect.
3. Can I target myself with cards?
Yes, if the card allows you to choose a target server, you may target your own server
unless the card specifically says otherwise. This is commonly used for defensive or
utility cards like Strengthen or Flat Increase.
4. What happens if multiple effects modify the same value?
All effects are applied in the order they are executed during the program. If
percentages are involved, all values round up by default. Players should clearly track
changes on their server dashboard immediately.
5. What happens when Security Level increases after a failed attack?
If a function fails its Security test, the effect does not occur and the target server’s
Security Level increases by 1. This makes repeated failed attacks more difficult over
time.
6. Does meeting the Security Level count as success?
Yes. If you roll equal to the target’s Security Level, the function succeeds.
7. How do Critical Success and Critical Failure work?
If you roll a natural 20 on a required d20 roll, all rolls you make for the rest of that
turn automatically succeed.

If you roll a natural 1, all rolls for the rest of that turn automatically fail.

Moodboard Images

Original Cyberpunk Board game

Pinterest Board: https://pin.it/6SXLzh2bU

Rules

(Rayan)
Typical sections of a rulebook include:
Introduction: This section provides an overview of the game and its objective.
Setup: This section explains how to set up the game, including how to prepare the game
board and any components that are needed.
Gameplay: This section explains how to play the game, including the order of play, how to
take turns, and any special rules that apply.
Scoring: This section explains how players score points and win the game.
Advanced rules: This section includes any optional rules or variations on the basic game
that players can choose to use.
Glossary: This section defines any terms that are used in the rulebook.
FAQ: This section answers common questions that players may have about the game.​
​
​
​
​

FLOWCHART

